REF.md, before:

# References

## Rails/RSpec/Ruby

- [Build a RESTful JSON API with Rails5](https://scotch.io/tutorials/build-a-restful-json-api-with-rails-5-part-one)
- [has many through with another name](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42027822/rails-has-many-through-with-same-model)
- [Constants hash](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/818062/rails-constants-hash)
- [form_for checkbox](https://qiita.com/chocoken517/items/6efb9c5a1b035f9a50fa)
- [form_tag checkbox](https://www.sejuku.net/blog/27132)
- [**form with calendar on rails**](https://qiita.com/yatakan/items/3a359b2beef28fedb3c5)
- [input date styling](https://css-tricks.com/prefilling-date-input/)
- [turbolinks + jquery loading](https://qiita.com/azusanakano/items/1b96a2be0f967365a873)
- [Rails + Ajax おさらい](https://qiita.com/ka215/items/dfa602f1ccc652cf2888)
- [select onchange submit](https://qiita.com/act823/items/3a203f1f96e7fe52f69d)
- [form_with ref](https://techracho.bpsinc.jp/hachi8833/2017_05_01/39502)
- [Ruby variable in js.erb](https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-pass-a-Ruby-variable-to-JavaScript)
- [**よく使うRails**](https://qiita.com/rik0/items/b022c111b4ae3347926b)
- [paramsにhashやarray](http://whtiecrow.blog.shinobi.jp/rails/params%E3%81%AB%E3%83%8F%E3%83%83%E3%82%B7%E3%83%A5%E3%82%84%E9%85%8D%E5%88%97%E3%82%92%E4%BD%BF%E3%81%86)
- [select - リファレンス](http://railsdoc.com/references/select)
- [Request spec - RSpec](https://relishapp.com/rspec/rspec-rails/docs/request-specs/request-spec)
- [RSpec generator setting](https://qiita.com/yuta-ushijima/items/ffb34823b8bba2180c94)
- [ActionView::Helpers::FormTagHelper](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/FormTagHelper.html)
- [ActiveModel::SecurePassword::ClassMethods](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveModel/SecurePassword/ClassMethods.html)
- [ruby on rails - How do I make a before_action to run on all controllers and actions except one? - Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36302866/how-do-i-make-a-before-action-to-run-on-all-controllers-and-actions-except-one)
- [Ruby on Rails チュートリアル：8.2.2 現在のユーザー](https://railstutorial.jp/chapters/basic_login?version=5.1#sec-current_user)
- [A simple explanation of Service Objects for Ruby on Rails](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/service-objects-explained-simply-for-ruby-on-rails-5-a8cc42a5441f)
- [Railsで重要なパターンpart 1: Service Object（翻訳）](https://techracho.bpsinc.jp/hachi8833/2017_10_16/46482)
- [Using Vapid for Web Push Notifications in a Ruby on Rails Application](https://medium.com/seed-digital/using-vapid-for-web-push-notifications-in-a-ruby-on-rails-application-e8e3ae00ab50)
- [zaru/webpush: webpush, Encryption Utilities for Web Push protocol](https://github.com/zaru/webpush)
- [rossta/serviceworker-rails: Use Service Worker with the Rails asset pipeline](https://github.com/rossta/serviceworker-rails)
- [hidden_field_tag (ActionView::Helpers::FormTagHelper) - APIdock](https://apidock.com/rails/ActionView/Helpers/FormTagHelper/hidden_field_tag)
- [Uglifier::Error: Unexpected token: punc ((). To use ES6 syntax, harmony mode must be enabled with Uglifier.new(:harmony => true) · Issue #127 · lautis/uglifier **solution**](https://github.com/lautis/uglifier/issues/127#issuecomment-352224986)

## JavaScript

- [Most efficient way to convert an HTMLCollection to an Array](https://stackoverflow.com/a/222847)

## Docker

- [Docker compose base sample](http://post.simplie.jp/posts/114)
- [install gem nokogiri on Docker](https://github.com/gliderlabs/docker-alpine/issues/53)
- [Set timezone on alpine](https://qiita.com/dtan4/items/8359e389b95cbc60952d)
- [Rails server still running problem](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35022428/rails-server-is-still-running-in-a-new-opened-docker-container)
- [Nginx setting ref1](https://qiita.com/eighty8/items/0288ab9c127ddb683315#nginx%E8%A8%AD%E5%AE%9A%E3%83%95%E3%82%A1%E3%82%A4%E3%83%AB)
- [Nginx setting ref2](https://qiita.com/eighty8/items/0288ab9c127ddb683315#nginx%E8%A8%AD%E5%AE%9A%E3%83%95%E3%82%A1%E3%82%A4%E3%83%AB)
- [Rails puma with unix socket](https://qiita.com/eighty8/items/0288ab9c127ddb683315#nginx%E8%A8%AD%E5%AE%9A%E3%83%95%E3%82%A1%E3%82%A4%E3%83%AB)
- [named volumes](https://github.com/docker/compose/issues/4675)

## Travis CI
- [Travis CIでDocker](https://qiita.com/niisan-tokyo/items/2f4a0c904a7c6bfcc367)
- [Travis with Docker](https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/docker/)
- [Configuring Build Notifications - Travis CI](https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/notifications/)

## Testing

- [FactoryBot doc](https://www.rubydoc.info/gems/factory_bot/file/GETTING_STARTED.md)
- [rails-controller-testing readme](https://github.com/rails/rails-controller-testing)
- [render APIDock](https://apidock.com/rails/ActionController/Base/render)
- [thoughtbot/shoulda-matchers: Simple one-liner tests for common Rails functionality](https://github.com/thoughtbot/shoulda-matchers)
- [Built in matchers - RSpec Expectations - RSpec - Relish](https://relishapp.com/rspec/rspec-expectations/docs/built-in-matchers)

## Capistrano

- [Capistrano3でサブディレクトリをデプロイ - Qiita](https://qiita.com/akaryu0206/items/a4dbf56aca5cb31d141f)
- [arsley/capistrano-deploy-test: Automate Rails project deploy test with capistrano, Circle CI](https://github.com/arsley/capistrano-deploy-test)
- [Capistrano Variables - Freelancing Digest](https://www.freelancingdigest.com/articles/capistrano-variables/)
- [ruby on rails - How to upload a file to release directory during Capistrano deploy? - Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/53438458/how-to-upload-a-file-to-release-directory-during-capistrano-deploy)
- [Set the Capistrano :deploy_to variable to the path "/var/www/" followed by the value of the :application variable. Use t | Treehouse Community](https://teamtreehouse.com/community/set-the-capistrano-deployto-variable-to-the-path-varwww-followed-by-the-value-of-the-application-variable-use-t-2)

## Other

- [Input field's `Autocomplete` attribute](https://www.chromium.org/developers/design-documents/create-amazing-password-forms)
- [ServiceWorkerRegistration.showNotification() - Web APIs | MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ServiceWorkerRegistration/showNotification)
- [html - how to set value of a input hidden field through javascript? - Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/19232822/how-to-set-value-of-a-input-hidden-field-through-javascript#19232938)
- [Base64 encoding and decoding - Web APIs | MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WindowBase64/Base64_encoding_and_decoding)
- [medpacker](https://github.com/medpeer-inc/medpacker)
- [node.js - Docker + Webpack (Dev Server) + Yarnpkg incomplete builds - Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/49180734/docker-webpack-dev-server-yarnpkg-incomplete-builds#50090105)
- [【エラー】Controller#Action is missing a template for this request format and variant.の解決法 - かしいさんのはじめて個人開発](https://blog.warally.info/entry/errors/missingtemplate)

Commit message:

fix: Apply 'render file: ...' to view and improve stimulus' controller to restrict run SQL twice (AR and Ajax)

REF.md, after:

# References

## Rails/RSpec/Ruby

- [Build a RESTful JSON API with Rails5](https://scotch.io/tutorials/build-a-restful-json-api-with-rails-5-part-one)
- [has many through with another name](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42027822/rails-has-many-through-with-same-model)
- [Constants hash](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/818062/rails-constants-hash)
- [form_for checkbox](https://qiita.com/chocoken517/items/6efb9c5a1b035f9a50fa)
- [form_tag checkbox](https://www.sejuku.net/blog/27132)
- [**form with calendar on rails**](https://qiita.com/yatakan/items/3a359b2beef28fedb3c5)
- [input date styling](https://css-tricks.com/prefilling-date-input/)
- [turbolinks + jquery loading](https://qiita.com/azusanakano/items/1b96a2be0f967365a873)
- [Rails + Ajax おさらい](https://qiita.com/ka215/items/dfa602f1ccc652cf2888)
- [select onchange submit](https://qiita.com/act823/items/3a203f1f96e7fe52f69d)
- [form_with ref](https://techracho.bpsinc.jp/hachi8833/2017_05_01/39502)
- [Ruby variable in js.erb](https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-pass-a-Ruby-variable-to-JavaScript)
- [**よく使うRails**](https://qiita.com/rik0/items/b022c111b4ae3347926b)
- [paramsにhashやarray](http://whtiecrow.blog.shinobi.jp/rails/params%E3%81%AB%E3%83%8F%E3%83%83%E3%82%B7%E3%83%A5%E3%82%84%E9%85%8D%E5%88%97%E3%82%92%E4%BD%BF%E3%81%86)
- [select - リファレンス](http://railsdoc.com/references/select)
- [Request spec - RSpec](https://relishapp.com/rspec/rspec-rails/docs/request-specs/request-spec)
- [RSpec generator setting](https://qiita.com/yuta-ushijima/items/ffb34823b8bba2180c94)
- [ActionView::Helpers::FormTagHelper](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/FormTagHelper.html)
- [ActiveModel::SecurePassword::ClassMethods](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveModel/SecurePassword/ClassMethods.html)
- [ruby on rails - How do I make a before_action to run on all controllers and actions except one? - Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36302866/how-do-i-make-a-before-action-to-run-on-all-controllers-and-actions-except-one)
- [Ruby on Rails チュートリアル：8.2.2 現在のユーザー](https://railstutorial.jp/chapters/basic_login?version=5.1#sec-current_user)
- [A simple explanation of Service Objects for Ruby on Rails](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/service-objects-explained-simply-for-ruby-on-rails-5-a8cc42a5441f)
- [Railsで重要なパターンpart 1: Service Object（翻訳）](https://techracho.bpsinc.jp/hachi8833/2017_10_16/46482)
- [Using Vapid for Web Push Notifications in a Ruby on Rails Application](https://medium.com/seed-digital/using-vapid-for-web-push-notifications-in-a-ruby-on-rails-application-e8e3ae00ab50)
- [zaru/webpush: webpush, Encryption Utilities for Web Push protocol](https://github.com/zaru/webpush)
- [rossta/serviceworker-rails: Use Service Worker with the Rails asset pipeline](https://github.com/rossta/serviceworker-rails)
- [hidden_field_tag (ActionView::Helpers::FormTagHelper) - APIdock](https://apidock.com/rails/ActionView/Helpers/FormTagHelper/hidden_field_tag)
- [Uglifier::Error: Unexpected token: punc ((). To use ES6 syntax, harmony mode must be enabled with Uglifier.new(:harmony => true) · Issue #127 · lautis/uglifier **solution**](https://github.com/lautis/uglifier/issues/127#issuecomment-352224986)
- [ruby on rails - Difference between Render and Render Partial and Yield - Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/a/16822915)

## JavaScript

- [Most efficient way to convert an HTMLCollection to an Array](https://stackoverflow.com/a/222847)

## Docker

- [Docker compose base sample](http://post.simplie.jp/posts/114)
- [install gem nokogiri on Docker](https://github.com/gliderlabs/docker-alpine/issues/53)
- [Set timezone on alpine](https://qiita.com/dtan4/items/8359e389b95cbc60952d)
- [Rails server still running problem](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35022428/rails-server-is-still-running-in-a-new-opened-docker-container)
- [Nginx setting ref1](https://qiita.com/eighty8/items/0288ab9c127ddb683315#nginx%E8%A8%AD%E5%AE%9A%E3%83%95%E3%82%A1%E3%82%A4%E3%83%AB)
- [Nginx setting ref2](https://qiita.com/eighty8/items/0288ab9c127ddb683315#nginx%E8%A8%AD%E5%AE%9A%E3%83%95%E3%82%A1%E3%82%A4%E3%83%AB)
- [Rails puma with unix socket](https://qiita.com/eighty8/items/0288ab9c127ddb683315#nginx%E8%A8%AD%E5%AE%9A%E3%83%95%E3%82%A1%E3%82%A4%E3%83%AB)
- [named volumes](https://github.com/docker/compose/issues/4675)

## Travis CI
- [Travis CIでDocker](https://qiita.com/niisan-tokyo/items/2f4a0c904a7c6bfcc367)
- [Travis with Docker](https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/docker/)
- [Configuring Build Notifications - Travis CI](https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/notifications/)

## Testing

- [FactoryBot doc](https://www.rubydoc.info/gems/factory_bot/file/GETTING_STARTED.md)
- [rails-controller-testing readme](https://github.com/rails/rails-controller-testing)
- [render APIDock](https://apidock.com/rails/ActionController/Base/render)
- [thoughtbot/shoulda-matchers: Simple one-liner tests for common Rails functionality](https://github.com/thoughtbot/shoulda-matchers)
- [Built in matchers - RSpec Expectations - RSpec - Relish](https://relishapp.com/rspec/rspec-expectations/docs/built-in-matchers)

## Capistrano

- [Capistrano3でサブディレクトリをデプロイ - Qiita](https://qiita.com/akaryu0206/items/a4dbf56aca5cb31d141f)
- [arsley/capistrano-deploy-test: Automate Rails project deploy test with capistrano, Circle CI](https://github.com/arsley/capistrano-deploy-test)
- [Capistrano Variables - Freelancing Digest](https://www.freelancingdigest.com/articles/capistrano-variables/)
- [ruby on rails - How to upload a file to release directory during Capistrano deploy? - Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/53438458/how-to-upload-a-file-to-release-directory-during-capistrano-deploy)
- [Set the Capistrano :deploy_to variable to the path "/var/www/" followed by the value of the :application variable. Use t | Treehouse Community](https://teamtreehouse.com/community/set-the-capistrano-deployto-variable-to-the-path-varwww-followed-by-the-value-of-the-application-variable-use-t-2)

## Other

- [Input field's `Autocomplete` attribute](https://www.chromium.org/developers/design-documents/create-amazing-password-forms)
- [ServiceWorkerRegistration.showNotification() - Web APIs | MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ServiceWorkerRegistration/showNotification)
- [html - how to set value of a input hidden field through javascript? - Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/19232822/how-to-set-value-of-a-input-hidden-field-through-javascript#19232938)
- [Base64 encoding and decoding - Web APIs | MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WindowBase64/Base64_encoding_and_decoding)
- [medpacker](https://github.com/medpeer-inc/medpacker)
- [node.js - Docker + Webpack (Dev Server) + Yarnpkg incomplete builds - Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/49180734/docker-webpack-dev-server-yarnpkg-incomplete-builds#50090105)
- [【エラー】Controller#Action is missing a template for this request format and variant.の解決法 - かしいさんのはじめて個人開発](https://blog.warally.info/entry/errors/missingtemplate)
